hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
so my favorite Android phones on the
market right now include the Nexus 6p
and the Samsung s7 both fantastic phones
I find the 6p a little large for my
hands and the s7 well the great phone
but TouchWiz and the speaker kind of
hold it back for me personally so when
the HTC 10 came out of super excited to
try it because it's another flagship and
as I used it I started to really like it
but all these lukewarm reviews were
popping up on the internet and I thought
I'm having a very different experience
of this HTC 10 then seemingly everyone
else so I thought I'd make a little
video sharing my experience with it
alright so design is obviously a very
subjective thing but I really like how
the HTC 10 looks the rendered images
they seem to really exaggerate that
chamfer but in person it's still
pronounced but it's something that I
think looks nice I also like the white
front cover it sounds silly but a lot of
companies don't spend the time or the
money to produce different colored
fronts and then having a black front on
a white phone I'm not a fan of that but
HTC did it right when I first got the
phone I remember thinking that the
buttons were really stiff like you need
to double or triple the activation
pressure to click the buttons but after
using it for a month not only am i used
to it but I actually really love it they
feel durable they feel tactile and it
makes the buttons on other phones feel
kind of mushy in comparison the
capacitive buttons on the side follow
the android standard so back button on
the left
task manager on the right and I always
preferred this over the reverse buttons
on Samsung phones it's a slightly
heavier phone but it feels premium in
your hand it's nice to hold and because
of all the edges it's not slippery now I
recently put a D brand skin on mine and
it gives it a very clean and minimal
look I think with the skin this is one
of the nicest phones I've held I've put
a link down below if you want one the
weather sealing isn't as good on the HTC
10 as it is on the s7 this only has a
rating of IP 53 so it's dust resistant
but it can't go for a swim or anything
there's still rubber seals on the card
trays and I've used it a couple times in
heavy rain without any
shoes see water resistance is nice but
the seals that Samsung used on the s7
speakers made those mids sound mutagen
if you list to any kind of music with
prominent vocals or if you listen to
podcasts or twitch streamers that
speaker wasn't great the HTC 10 speakers
still have the boomsound moniker and
they're not the same boom sound as we've
seen in the past they're not even truly
stereo speakers but they still sound
really good there's a tweeter at the top
we're on the bottom and when it compared
to the HTC m9 speakers those still sound
better because of the proper stereo
positioning but these are still really
nice I would put them on par with the
Nexus 6p speakers they just sound
different I wouldn't say they sound
better or worse now for headphone use it
has a DAC that produces a very clean
analog signal and the headphone amp is
nice not as powerful as the one in the
LG v10 but it's still better than most
flagship hips if I had to label
something as the weakest link on the HTC
10 it would probably be the screen it's
not a bad screen far from it but it's
not as good of a screen as the Samsung
s7 it's not as bright or vibrant as the
s7 but it's quad HD and it's a very nice
screen overall the fingerprint scanner
is fast enough I'm never waiting on it
but it's not instant like the iPhone 6s
or the s7 inside it has a Snapdragon 820
4 gigs of ram 32 gigs of expandable
storage there's plenty of power under
the hood and thankfully the HTC software
doesn't bog it down battery life is also
good it's a full day battery for me but
whenever I forgot to charge that night
it was really unlikely that I'd make it
through a second day I'd say the battery
feels similar to the Samsung s7 a very
comfortable full day battery there's no
wireless charging but it does support
quick charging as for pricing it's
around $700 so it's definitely one of
the more expensive phones on the market
right now the software on the HTC 10 is
surprisingly nice see I'm a stock
Android guy and there are very few skins
that I enjoy using but HTC Sense is
solid it's not super lean there's
actually quite a few HTC elements that
are kind of folded into this version of
Android but here's the thing the
additions are subtle but they feel like
they should be there or they deserve to
be there
there's nothing obnoxious or annoying
hanging around there's also no duplicate
apps so it seems like a minor thing but
it always bugs me to see multiple
uninstall apps that all do the same
thing there's none of that here
one minor gripe about the software the
quick launch of the camera could be
better it uses a double swipe but you
can't do it too fast or too slow it's
kind of like timing a street fighter
combo I'd much prefer physical buttons
for this and without that timing
restriction so the camera uses the same
sensor as the Nexus 6p but they've made
the aperture wider 2f 1.8 and it has
optical image stabilization so it should
be a very capable camera unfortunately
the software shipped with had some
issues the camera felt really slow and a
lot of the earlier photos I took had
blown up highlights and some shots had
this weird haze in the photos they've
since updated the camera software and
it's much better the sad thing is that a
lot of reviews out there were done
before the sup date and they painted a
pretty shaded opinion of the camera but
with the new software photos and
daylight are pretty comparable to the
Samsung s7 low-light photos just still
pretty good but not as clean overall
it's an awesome camera I wouldn't say
it's the best one on the market it's
easily top 5 potentially top 3 I think
the HTC 10 deserves a s across-the-board
maybe even an A+ on build quality see
there's nothing I actually dislike about
the phone if you're looking for a phone
that's got the best benchmarking scores
or the best dynamic range or I can
travel like the deepest deaths
underwater this is not that phone pick
up an s7 but you will have to deal with
TouchWiz and a not so great speaker but
if you're looking for a phone that's
excellent
across the board and just an enjoyable
experience all around I take a close
look at this one now obviously this has
been my experience not everyone is going
to like the same things that I do but I
think you might like it I think for most
people this is a universally likable
phone that's the end of this video hope
you guys liked it thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time